Grant Cohoe

Address: 2557 Nathaniel Rochester Hall
	 Rochester, New York, 14623

Phone: (330) 790-1701

Email: cohoe@csh.rit.edu

Objective: Seeking co-op employment in design, installation, and maintenance of large scale 
	   data systems and infrastructure to augment knowledge about advanced information 
	   technology systems. Available Summer 2011 (For 3-6 month assignment).

Education: Rochester Institute of Technology
	   Bachelor of Science in Applied Networking and System Administration
	   Presidential Scholarship recipient for academic excellence
	   GPA: 3.549 (PFOS: 3.620)

Coursework: Java Programming, Cyber Self-Defense, Computer System & Network Fundamentals, 
	    Large Scale Computing with Mainframes, Perl Scripting, Web Design, 
	    System Administration, Database

Work Experience:
	Computer Science House (Rochester NY) - System Administrator
	Winter 2010 - Present
	Responsible for the maintenance and operation of house services (mail, news, web, 
	virtual machines, shell access, file storage) and infrastructure (network, cooling, 
	power). These services are used by all current members of the house as well as alumni.

	RIT: Sponsored Programs Accounting/Payroll (Rochester, NY) - Wiki Administrator
	Winter 2010 - Present
	Designed and maintain a wiki database for the storage and tracking of accounting 
	procedures and files.

	Tallmadge City Schools (Tallmadge, OH) - Auditorium Technical Director
	Fall 2008 - Summer 2009, Summer 2010
	Managed and planned for all events hosted in the facility and coordinated with 
	staff/students to facilitate the production of events. This included technical 
	services (sound, lighting, rigging), planning (logistics, blocking), setup (testing, 
	installation, programming), and documentation.

	Camp Fitch Computer Camp (North Springfield, PA) - Counselor
	Summers 2007 - Present
	Teach introductory/advanced topics to 8-13 year old children who wish to learn 
	computer skills. Must be able to give campers a solid foundation in computer usage, 
	concepts, and ethics.

	Tallmadge City Schools (Tallmadge, OH) - Technical Work Experience Student
	Summer 2004 - Summer 2009
	Assisted IT staff with setting up and configuring client workstations and printers within a 	small enterprise network for both student and staff use. Required knowledge of backend 	
	systems, network configuration, and ability to work without supervision.

Projects & Activities:
	Computer Science House Member (Fall 2010 - Present)
	Membership requires the completion of at least one large project per year (with a 
	focus on self-learning), attending various technical seminars and social events, 
	and networking with professionals across the country.

	Active Directory Integration (Fall 2010 - Present)
	Integrated an Active Directory installation into the current UNIX environment. 
	Services tied together include Kerberos, LDAP, NIS, and NFS.

	IBM Master The Mainframe Competition Participant (Fall 2010)
	Participated in annual competition to learn skills on the IBM System Z Mainframe. 
	Skills required for completion include ISPF, JCL, RACF, COBOL, USS, FTP, SMP/E, 
	C, Data Set manipulation, and system navigation. Completed parts 1 & 2 of 3.

	FIRST Robotics Competition Volunteer (Spring 2010)
	Volunteer inspector during the regional competition of the FIRST Robotics Competition. 
	Responsible for ensuring team compliance with all competition rules and regulations.

Skills:
	Operating System Familiarity: 
		Microsoft Windows (Desktop and Server), Mac OS X, Linux (Familiar with all 
		major distro’s, with focus on Red Hat), FreeBSD, Cisco IOS, IBM z/OS & USS.

	Technology & Infrastructure: 
		Technology & Infrastructure: Ethernet, AOE, Routing & Switching (TCP/IP), 
		Cooling Implementation, Power Distribution, Kerberos, NIS, Active Directory,
		DNS, DHCP, LDAP, Advanced Virtualization concepts & implementation, SAN 
		concepts, Cloud concepts

	Programming/Scripting: 
		Proficient with Perl and Bash, Basic familiarity with HTML, CSS, Java, VBScript
